Hey, good morning family, praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
We're going to pray for President Trump,
but first I want to say thank you all
for the
500,000 subscribers! I think
we're almost at
558,000.
Wow, y'all
are
coming from everywhere, and we just want
to say thank you for joining us.
It's a huge deal from where I was a year
ago; at this time last year, I wasn't even
at 100,000 people yet. This
is amazing what the Lord has done.
We just want to say thank you for
joining us and praying with us.
Another thing: there are a lot of
people saying
through certain apps that
I am
asking you for money. We will
never ask for money on this channel, ever.
I put
the links below because people have
said they wanted to bless our family, but I
have
never asked or solicited
anybody for money on WhatsApp.
Do not fall for any scams on
Facebook Messenger. I do not talk to
anybody on Facebook Messenger.
We
will never ask you for money. We're never
going to do any of those things that
these people are trying to scam you
with.
Please do not fall for
these scams. These
people are very cruel and
obviously from the devil.
It's just awful.
We love you and we pray for you,
but be careful out there. Don't let these
people take advantage of you.
Back to what I was
saying: it's amazing how Trump's coin is going up.
People
who
invested when it first
started—I
think Bren was telling
me—a
guy
invested a million dollars and it
turned into 155 million. That was
back when it was around $20 per coin, and now
it's
around
$67.
Whatever Trump puts his hands to
prospers.
I never saw that coming.
The Lord showed me
that
the United States government,
during
President Trump's
term, would
pump
a trillion dollars into crypto.
Then I saw Japan, Australia, and
other nations joining in. I
believe
this will
be a time of
great acceleration where the wealth of
the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
I warned you all
about the top five back
then.
Solana
was one of those, and
Trump aligned his coin with
Solana.
When
the Lord spoke to me about that coin, it
was only $40, and now it's
up to
almost $300 per coin.
Hearing the voice of the Lord is so
vital in these last days.
Having a foundation in the
Word of God and hearing Him daily
is important
because He told me there will
be rug pulls
where
people lose everything in a
matter of 24 hours.
I told you
there would be a time in a
24-hour period where there
would be
deca-millionaires, and
that happened with Trump's
coin.
That
prophetic word was fulfilled. If you were
a Trump
follower—and
they weren't on
Truth
Social to be able to see that—I
am
not on it yet,
but I am
going
to have my own account
for Truth Social.
In
a
time frame of less than 24
hours,
people who invested a little
bit of money got 155
million at the beginning. It
happened
in
six
hours.
I'm
doing the best I can to describe
what I see coming. I see a
rocket ship taking off after the 20th
with the economy. The Lord said
a
great economy crash was planned,
but
because of the saints praying
in October, there is a window of
opportunity to get your house in order.
Like Joseph was granted
seven years of blessing and seven
years of famine,
I believe
this is
a window.
I
told you
about Solana and look at the
blessing that's happening.
It was at
$40 and now it's at $300.
We give God all the glory for
it.
It's fun to be watching
what the Lord is doing with President
Trump.
I saw this in
2023 and
told my son privately.
He warned
me about XRPs;
to see it go from 20 cents
to
$3.30 and then fall back down
is
amazing. Don't
let haters
get to
you.
I'm not
telling
you to
invest;
I'm telling
you
to watch
and
pray.
The deca-millionaire prophecy
came to pass.
When you get excited about
someone
else's
blessing, that's
a
heart thing. You have to rejoice with
your brother when they get
their blessing.
I
pray that
someone
in the body of Christ
did it
also.
Let's
pray for President Trump right now
and
for his family.
Before all the
attacks
and
lawsuits, even
after
he had to pay that
lady—I
think
it was 200
million—he
got 54 billion in return
off that coin in the last 48
hours. Everything the devil stole, he got
back more than a
hundredfold.
He's been
sowing
his own personal
finances to save America.
Seed time and harvest has
accelerated.
God
is a rewarder of those who diligently
seek Him. To hear that Trump got a
return
of
54 billion from that cryptocoin, I thought, 'Lord, You're
restoring what the cankerworm ate for
this man who has sacrificed his
life to turn around this
nation.'What
God did
for him, God will do for you.
God is no respecter of persons.
He will take something that is
nothing and make it
like the fishes and
the loaves. I want
you to believe for
a 24-hour turnaround. It's
a supernatural wealth transfer.
Father, I thank You.
What You did for
them, You will
do
for me. We
went to
a conference
and met
a couple
from Ukraine
believing for
a baby.
I believe
2025 is
a time
for great
acceleration in
having
children. God will restore the
time the
cankerworm ate.
Even if you
think you're
getting old,
He is
a
restorer
of
time.
We're
going to
take
communion
together and believe for
protection
for President Trump.
This is going
to be a great year.
You
500,000
followers
are
awake in Christ.
I met a man
yesterday who had glory and oil
coming from his hands.
I saw it with my own
eyes.
He prayed
for my hands and
I
felt the fire of the Holy
Spirit so strong it knocked me on
my hiney. I fell backwards in the
power of God.
The impartation changed me
from the inside out.
I
needed
a fresh
drink
after
doing Alex Jones.
We drove down to Tulsa for a conference. A pastor there named
Brian from
Amarillo, Texas,
prayed for
me.
He
has
seen
people
raised from the dead in his church.
Expectation
brings
manifestation.
Thank
you
for
being
a
part
of
our ministry
as our
channels take off
in
China,
the
Philippines,
and
France.
We're anticipating great things in 2025.
Brian's
wife gave a prophetic word
that
someone
would
live and not die, and
then a
man died in the
back of the
church.
Brian
prayed, and he got up
from the dead.
It
happened
twice.
This is the time we're looking for.
The wealth of
the wicked is being laid up for the
righteous.
The blessing hits the
leadership and flows down
to
the
people.
Father, we thank You for Your body
that was broken for us.
No weapon formed against us
shall
prosper.
We walk
in divine health.
We make much of the blood
today. We
plead the blood of Jesus over our
families.
Like Lester Sumrall taught us,
a
curse without a cause cannot stand.
We
say no weapon formed against us will
prosper.
We
pray for President
Trump's inauguration. We
pray
for
protection
from
drones,
snipers, or bombs.
We
pray
for
supernatural wisdom for
him
like
Solomon.
Every plot
of the wicked will be uncovered
from sea to
shining
sea.
We
pray
for Eric, Don Jr.,
Barron,
and
his grandchildren.
We
pray
for
repentance
in the
Oval Office and
Congress.
We pray
for
a radical move
of the spirit of
God.
We call
our unsaved loved
ones saved and take the blinders off
their eyes.
We
thank You
for
restoring
marriages.
We
believe tomorrow will be a good day
for President Trump.
Every plan of the wicked
across this nation will be uncovered in
the name of
Jesus.
We
pray
for
President
Biden
that he would find You
and
find
restoration for his mind
in
retirement.
We
pray
for
Kamala
Harris
to
have
an
eye-opening
experience with Jesus. We
pray
for
a
supernatural harvest
of
souls
in
South Korea,
China, and
across
Asia.
We
pray
that
leadership
will cause communistic
parties, like Xi Jinping's, to fall.
We are
all in for Jesus.
The
best
is
yet
to
come.
The
former
and
the
latter
rain
are
here.
Subscribe and
hit
the
notification bell.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you.
God bless you
and
see you tomorrow.